Add more info to connect Desktop via TOR (#847)
cryptoadvance/specter-desktop: docs/tor.md

* [Debian / Ubuntu](https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/debian.html.en)
* [macOS](https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/tor-doc-osx.html.en)

> ### Configure Specter Desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Specter Desktop for Remote Instance
```

> If you're using Specter Desktop (to use hardware wallets for example), then setup the app to connect to your remote Specter server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Specter Desktop on a remote machine and would like to connect to it over Tor (to use hardware wallets for example), then follow these steps to set up the app to connect to your remote Specter server.
```
